16.8.24
Dear Woolf,
(Illegible)
Would it be convenient to yourself
and Mrs. Woolf if I were to spend 
(Tuesday evening) with you? If so
please tell me on a postcard
what station in London I should
go to for Lewes, and how to get from
Lewes to Rodmell. I could walk
(..) well, if the distance is
no more than four miles.
Yours, Norman Leys






Monk’s House
Rodmell
Lewes
Sussex

16 august, 1924

Dear Leys,
I now have your letter which was forwarded by your brother.
The question of number of copies to be printed and price is always
a difficult one and largely a matter of guessing in the dark. My own
opinion is that 1050 copies, price 15/-, and an index is the right
decision, though of course later we may regret it. If I were produc-
ing the book at my risk that is what I should decide on, I am sure.
Your brother seems to favour 1050 copies, price 12/6, and no index.
Let me have your final decision. Of course, if you would prefer it,
I will decide for you, exactly as if I were taking the risk, but , as 
you are bearing the risk, I think it better to give you all data for 
a decision of this kind and let you decide.
Yours
Leonard Woolf







R & R Clark Ltd
Brandon Street
Edinburgh

Monk’s House
Rodmell
near Lewes, Sussex

30 August, 1924

Dear Sirs,

AVVAKUM ARCHPRIEST

I have to thank you for your letter of 26/8/24, and I shall
be obliged if you will proceed with the composition in accordance
with the second of the two estimates, i.e. in Smapp Pica Caslon,
30 lines tot the page. Would you in the first proofs xx you send
set up the headlines with THE LIFE OF on left hand pages and THE
xxxxxx ARCHPRIEST AVVAKUM on right hand pages, if there is suffic-
ient space for this on right hand pages.

Would you note that I should like the top edges of the book
to be stained dark blue as near as possible to blue of the marble
cloth.
Yours faithfully
Leonard Woolf

I shall be obliged if you will send four pulls of the proofs instead of the usual two.

I return under same cover corrected proofs of KENYA pp. 32-64
