ms 2750/255/23

Monk's House,
Rodmell,
near Lewes,
Sussex

7 August, 1924

	Dear Sirs,
	
						"KENYA"
		I shall be obliged (i/o)f you will proceed with the work on this
book inaccordance with your estimate of 2/8/24. I will let you know
in the course of a week or so whether I shall require 1050 or 1550 copis
printed. I am enclosing herewith Table of Contents and Chapter XV, so
that you now have the whole copy except Chapters XI and XIV, the index,
and the four additional pages at end. Dr Leys has written to me that
he does not wish to have an index; I hope to persuade him to have one,
but it may be that he will not. In any case I will let you have copy
for the four additional pages as early as possible.

		Would you be good enough to have five pulls of the proofs taken
instead of the usual two, and would it be possible for you to see that
two copies aee sent to me at the above address and three copies direct
to Dr Leys, Brailsford, near Derby?

		I am sending in a separate packet the drawings of the six maps.
If you find it necessary in order to get good reproductions, would you
have them redrawn. (Unintelligible text, likely strikethrough) Dr
Leys has written instruction pinned to each map with regard to their
printing and also the wording which he wishes printed on same page as
maps. Is this quite clear and work(a)ble? You will note that
		Map I is to be bound in as a frontispiece to the book and a foot-
			note will be inserted on page 3 of copy referring readers
			to this map;
		Maps II, III, IV, and V should be printed on a single page or
			on two pages facing one another at an opening in the middle
			of Chapter IV;
		Map VI should come at the end of Chapter XIV.
		
		Will you note that the numbering of the book should begin with
page 1 as the title page or the halftitle and run straight on through
the book, i.e. the preliminary pages are not to be numbered separately
in Roman figures?

		Would you some time let me have samples of cloth for binding and
also of lettering for the spine?

					Yours faithfully